v7.6 introduces a system variable tidb_idle_transaction_timeout (#15693)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-timeouts-in-tidb.md

## Transaction timeout

> In scenarios where a transaction starts but is neither committed nor rolled back, you might need a finer-grained control and a shorter timeout to prevent prolonged lock holding. TiDB v7.6.0 introduces [`tidb_idle_transaction_timeout`](/system-variables.md#tidb_idle_transaction_timeout-new-in-v760) to control the idle timeout for transactions in a user session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In scenarios where a transaction starts but is neither committed nor rolled back, you might need a finer-grained control and a shorter timeout to prevent prolonged lock holding.  In this case, you can use [`tidb_idle_transaction_timeout`](/system-variables.md#tidb_idle_transaction_timeout-new-in-v760) (introduced in TiDB v7.6.0) to control the idle timeout for transactions in a user session. 
```
